Add docker steps for eland model upload (#489)
elastic/eland: docs/guide/machine-learning.asciidoc

100%|██████████| 63/63 [00:12<00:00,  5.02it/s]
------------------------

> # Import model with Docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[discrete]
[[ml-nlp-pytorch-docker]]
==== Import model with Docker
```

Maybe my exact suggestion here is wrong, but it definitely shouldn't use `#` as the heading marker.

IMPORTANT: To use the docker container, you will need to clone the eland repository: https://github.com/elastic/eland

> Users wishing to use Eland without installing it, in order to just run the available scripts, can build the Docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use Eland without installing it, in order to just run the available scripts, can build the Docker
```

100%|██████████| 63/63 [00:12<00:00,  5.02it/s]
------------------------

[discrete]
[[ml-nlp-pytorch-docker]]
==== Import model with Docker

> IMPORTANT: To use the docker container, you will need to clone the eland repository: https://github.com/elastic/eland

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: To use the Docker container, you need to clone the eland repository: https://github.com/elastic/eland
```

> If you want to use Eland without installing it, in order to just run the available scripts, can build the Docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use Eland without installing it, in order to just run the available scripts, you can build the Docker
```

> If you want to use Eland without installing it, in order to just run the available scripts, you can build the Docker
> container:

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to use Eland without installing it, you can build the Docker container to run the available scripts:
```

> If you want to use Eland without installing it, in order to just run the available scripts, can build the Docker
> container:

Reviewer 2: It might be a bit easier to read this way.
```suggestion
If you want to use Eland without installing it, you can build the Docker container to run the available scripts:
```

```bash
$ docker build -t elastic/eland .
```

You can now use the container interactively:

```bash
$ docker run -it --rm --network host elastic/eland
```

> Running installed scripts is also possible without an interactive shell, e.g.:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Running installed scripts is also possible without an interactive shell, for example:
```

```bash
docker run -it --rm elastic/eland \
    eland_import_hub_model \
      --url $ELASTICSEARCH_URL \
      --hub-model-id elastic/distilbert-base-uncased-finetuned-conll03-english \
      --start
```

> You will need to replace the `$ELASTICSEARCH_URL` with the URL for your Elasticsearch cluster. For authentication purposes you will need to include an administrator username and password in the URL in the format `https://username:password@host:port`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Replace the `$ELASTICSEARCH_URL` with the URL for your Elasticsearch cluster. For authentication purposes, include an administrator username and password in the URL in the following format: `https://username:password@host:port`.
```
